This is the solution's video for
the linear mapping lab covering computing and plotting a transform vector.
With this lab, you'll be defining transform vector i_hat,
transform vector j_hat, transform vector v,
and then plotting transform vector v. In the coding section,
you would have set x to three and y to one and mark this task as done.
Set x to one and y to two and mark this task as done.
Then you would have replace none with v_ihat_t plus v_jhat_t and mark this task as done.
Finally, you would have copied the arrow statement for vector v and pasted it here,
changing vector v to vector v under bar t color equal skyblue to color equals b.
Then you would have saved your code by clicking on the "Save" icon here.
When we run our code,
we'd expect this plot here will match our expected solution here.
To run the code, we click on "Kernel",
"Restart & Run All".
Finally, we compare our plot to the solution and we see that they match.
So, this means we've coded everything correctly.